Syrup! Spirit Cannon!
Turtle!
[KAEDE]
What's this?
Red Flower Garden, huh?
Awesome!
Evolving gets you a
bunch of new skills!
That's my Syrup!
Turtle.
[KAEDE] And I've gotten pretty
good with these tentacles.
Let's keep going and
level up even further!
I should've guessed you
had something to do with
all that commotion, Maple.
[MARKUS]
Whoa. So it's true;
you really do have
tentacles. Crazy.
It's a good thing Mii warned us,
or we might've taken
you for a monster
and chopped 'em right off.
Oh, hey, Flame Emperors.
So, uh, what's up?
The turtle.
It's different somehow.
[KAEDE]
Oh! How observant!
That's because... I guess
you could say it's a secret.
Right. You definitely don't
wanna go around giving
all your secrets away.
Not right before an event.
I take it you and Syrup
are out here leveling up?
Yeah! And you?
[SHIN]
Yup.
Got our tamed monsters
with us, too. Wanna see?
Yes!
Hmm. Well, it's certainly
not like you're hiding
your companion from us.
So, I guess there's no harm.
Awaken!
[KAEDE]
Ah!
This is Wen.
So, what do you think?
Pretty darn cool looking,
wouldn't you say?
Yeah! Super cool!
Somehow, I knew you'd be
able to appreciate him.
You just wanted to show off.
Hey! Eh, who am I kidding,
he's got me there.
Okay, you guys are up.
What do you think, Misery?
I don't see a problem.
Come on, let's show her!
[MARKUS]
Well, then.
[MARKUS, MISERY]
Awaken!
Meow.
Aww! They're both so cute!
Sorry about that.
Bell here's a bit skittish.
Try not to do anything to
freak out Clear up there.
No. Of course not!
Right, then. I guess we
better get back to it.
Thanks so much for allowing
me to meet your companions.
Sure. Though you just might
have to go up against 'em
in the next event.
We'll have to meet the rest of
Maple Tree's monsters soon.
I'm looking forward to it!
Bye-bye.
Bye!
[KAEDE] So many different
monsters out there.
[SYRUP]
Turtle.
[DORAZOU]
Rawr! The wait is over!
I promised you details
on the eighth event,
and now I'm gonna
give them to you!
[GROUP]
Ah!
[DORAZOU] As you already know,
this event will be divided
into a preliminary
and a main event.
The preliminary is
a survival match.
You'll get points based
on how long you survive
and how many
monsters you defeat.
The points you earn there
will be used to determine
what difficulty level you play
at during the main event!
So, what it comes down
to is how many monsters
you can kill before you die.
[KUROMU] Considering the
bonus for staying alive,
you can't afford to die.
[DORAZOU] And just to
keep things interesting,
we put some little
gimmicks in place
for when you defeat monsters!
So, we can never let our
guard down, not even after
we've bested our foe.
What's "gimmick"
supposed to mean?
I'm in! Sounds exciting.
[DORAZOU] Players are free to
assist or obstruct each other
as they see fit.
But be aware that points
for killing a monster
will only be awarded to
the player who delivers
the final blow.
I hope someone
will team up with us.
Yeah. We're way too
slow to do it alone.
I'll tell you more about
the main event later on.
The preliminary starts soon,
so make sure you're ready
for it when it does!
Bye now! And rawr!
[RISA] All right.
So, tell us, Guildmaster.
What's the goal here?
Obviously, for all eight
of us to make it
to the highest difficulty!
We've got some time.
Let's go level up so we can
dominate that preliminary!
[GROUP]
Yeah!
[YUKIMI, TSUKIMI]
Bear! Bear! Bear!
Bear! Bear! Bear...!
--Bear! Bear! Bear! Bear!
--Yay! Yay! Yay!
[DORAZOU]
Rawr!
Okay. Welcome to
the eighth event!
Time to start the preliminary!
Is everybody ready
for adventure?
Let's all do our best! Go team!
[GROUP]
Yeah!
[DORAZOU]
And away we go!
Well, it doesn't look
like anyone's here.
Better look around and see
if I can find any monsters!
Here goes. Predator!
Wonder if anything'll show up.
Paralyze Shot!
Looks like a strong one.
Better use Devour, too.
All right.
That one may have gotten
the jump on me at first,
but I think this is going well!
'Kay! Next!
Gotcha!
Take that!
Wait! Hold on!
Hey, come back!
Aww. Everything's running
away from me,
and I can't move quickly
enough to catch them.
Is there anything I can do?
Whoa, what's this?
Buffs? Debuffs?
When did I get these?
Oh. I guess these
must be the gimmicks
they were talking about.
Let me take a look
at this one over here.
It makes monsters run
away at the sight of you?
Slow down!
Please. I need to
get some points!
--[SYRUP] Turtle.
--[KAEDE] Aww...
[KAEDE]
What do we have here?
Well, it's not running away,
so I guess it isn't a monster.
I see!
It must be some kind of
trap that draws monsters
toward it!
And right now,
that's just what I need!
Okay, Syrup!
Red Flower Garden!
White Flower Garden!
Sinking Earth, too!
Mother Nature!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
[KAEDE]
Oh, yeah! Deploy Right Hand!
This one makes my location
information available
to other players.
Uh, I guess that's fine!
[TSUKIMI]
Bear!
[MAY]
Thanks a lot!
You've really been helping me
get through this, Tsukimi!
[TSUKIMI]
Bear-bear!
I wonder how Yui
and Yukimi are doing.
[CHRISTMAS ROSE laughs]
There you are, my little kitten!
[BLAZING BRO A] We found each
other out here through the power
of our brotherly bond.
[BLAZING BRO B]
And now we've found you!
[BLAZING BRO C]
How terribly unlucky for you!
And now we'll finish
you in one blow, baby!
Let's go, Tsukimi!
Power Share! And Charge!
[TSUKIMI]
Bear!
--Bear-bear!
--Bright Star, now!
[TSUKIMI]
Bear!
[CHRISTMAS ROSE]
A fine attack! Amore!
Hey, wait!
You're leaving both of your
older brothers behind?
Tsukimi! Tear Apart!
[TSUKIMI]
Bear! Bear!
[BLAZING BRO A yells]
No, brother!
I hope you realize I'm
not gonna stand for this.
I'm gonna run away!
We did it! Thanks to you!
You're the best, Tsukimi!
[TSUKIMI]
Bear-bear!
Sis! It's you!
Yui!
[YUI]
I found you! Thank goodness!
How's it going for you so far?
With Yukimi's help,
I'm doing great! Right?
Bear-Bear!
--Check this out, though.
--[MAY] What?
[MAY]
Huh? That's Maple!
[YUI]
Looks like it.
[MAY] All those monsters
are after her.
Should we go there?
[YUI] Mm-hmm. I'm not sure
how much help we'll be,
but at least we can try!
From Iz?
That message will let the
others know to steer clear
of this area.
All right, let's do this.
Fay. Forest's Wrath!
[FAY]
Fay!
--[IZ] Strengthen Item!
--[FAY] Fay!
--[IZ] Spirit's Mischief!
[IZ]
Should be just about here.
And now...
Fay, String Water!
[FAY]
Fay!
Thank you, Fay. Well done.
[FAY]
Fay!
Just in case.
Fay, Fairy's Protection.
[FAY]
Fay!
Now, here we go!
What's that?
[KUROMU]
What is she thinking?
Is she trying to destroy
the whole forest?
If I'd wandered into that,
I'd have been blown
to smithereens for sure.
Hope I never miss
a message from Iz.
Anyway...
Let's go, Necro!
Armored!
Necro! Reflect Impact!
Flames of Death!
[laughs] Time to rack
up some points!
This is all you, Necro!
Ghost Charge!
Burst Flame!
Whew.
After being
surrounded like that,
it's good to take a moment
to catch your breath.
Okay, time for one last rush!
You ready, Necro?
[TSUKIMI]
Bear! Bear! Bear...!
[YUI] Maple's surrounded
and badly outnumbered!
We have to do what
we can to help her out!
[MAY]
Pretty sure...
[YUI]
...we can leave her be.
[MAY]
Mm-hmm.
[YUKIMI]
Bear!
[KAEDE roars]
I'm sorry.
I can show no mercy.
Now, Earth! Awaken!
[DREAD] Can't pass up an
opportunity to take out a rival.
Shadow, Awaken!
I may be at a
slight disadvantage.
Go, Wood Wall!
[DRAG]
Earth! Sand King!
Fissure!
[KANADE]
Firestorm!
[DREAD]
Shadow! Shadow Dive!
Shadow Clone!
[DREAD]
Shadow, Shadow Pack!
Triple Slash!
[DRAG]
Almost too easy.
Still, it was
two-on-one, wasn't it?
Huh? What's wrong?
[DREAD]
Don't worry about it.
We saw the death
effect and everything.
I was just being paranoid.
Let's get moving, guys.
[DRAG] Hey, don't go lumping me
in with your tamed monster!
Jeez!
But yeah, on to the next one.
[sighs] That was close.
Guess there's no way I could
have pulled that one out.
But you did great, Sou.
Thanks to Division and Mimic,
we didn't suffer any losses.
And I was able to get a look
at their tamed monsters,
so it wasn't a waste.
[laughs] Those two
were pretty strong.
Still, the result will
be different next time.
[BLAZING BRO C] Man, what's
the deal with this forest?
I'm going in circles.
How do I get out
of here, anyway?
[gasps] Hey. Why can't
I move, huh?
--[KASUMI ]Flash!
--[BLAZING BRO C grunts]
[KASUMI]
Super Megamorph.
A useful skill, to be sure.
I sense something over there.
Let's go!
It's gonna charge!
We can do this, sister!
Blood Blade!
[F PLAYER A yelps]
Hey, who are you?
Oh, no! Sister!
This territory belongs to us.
All who trespass upon
it will be cut down.
Right, Haku?
Wonder how everyone's doing.
As far as I can tell, Maple
hasn't moved from that spot
for a while now.
And is that Mii?
Well, there's not
much time left.
Might as well scout that way.
[MAY] Thanks for warning us
about what you were planning,
Iz.
[YUI] It was like a
beautiful fireworks show!
[IZ laughs]
Maybe I overdid it a little.
But the goal here is to make
sure we all rank high, isn't it?
[KUROMU] Never seen fireworks
quite like that before.
Heard from the others?
[KUROMU] Not really, but I'd
be willing to bet Sally
and Kanade are holding
their own out there.
As for Maple...
She's not moving.
It might be some kind of trap.
Yeah, possibly even
a boss dungeon.
[KUROMU] Well, I'm sure
she's handling it.
[KAEDE]
Hmm.
Well, I've already used
up a lot of my skills,
so what should I do next?
I'm pretty sure I'm good
to go as far as points
are concerned.
Doing a little
exploring could be fun,
but at the same time...
Ah. Now this could
be interesting.
Didn't think I'd run into you.
[PAYNE] I've hunted more
than enough monsters.
Now it's time to test the
strength of my rivals.
That's funny, because I was just
thinking the very same thing.
Heavy Fire!
Sword of Radiance!
Ignis.
Linked Flame!
Holy Dragon's Protection!
[MII]
Flare Accel!
Blue Fire!
[PAYNE]
Sword of Demon Extermination!
[MII]
Inferno!
[PAYNE]
Holy Light!
Ignis! Megamorph!
Undying Inferno!
Ray! Megamorph!
Holy Dragon's Breath!
Ah, yes. A fine monster.
As is your dragon.
But if you're attempting
to conceal your strength,
you'll be burned into ashes!
Ignis! Phoenix Flame!
Become Fire!
[MII]
Infierno!
[PAYNE]
Ray! Holy Guard!
[MII] You took all that
with damage reduction
and the power of
your holy sword?
I imagine you would've
liked to see Ray's attack,
but that's not something I
can reveal to you so easily.
You never intended to defeat me
in the first place, did you?
Still, can't let you
leave unscathed.
You really think
you can stop me?
[KAEDE]
Go! Go! Go!
Yeah, there you go!
Ah... Maple?
[KAEDE laughs]
I can't remember the last
time I had this much fun!
I feel like I could keep
on going forever!
[laughing]
Yay!
Woohoo!
Think we're done.
Payne, let's continue
this another time.
Yes. Agreed.
[KAEDE]
That's cool! Whatever!
What the heck are
you doing, Maple?
[laughing]
[RISA]
Maple! What's going on here?
Oh, Sally!
Wait till you hear
what happened!
So, I got eaten
by this alligator.
But no matter what I did,
I couldn't seem to
get into its stomach.
[RISA]
Wait, you were trying to?
So, long story short,
this is how it turned out!
[RISA]
Okay, that explained nothing.
Hey, look! I can do this!
And this, too!
And then, when I do this...
Wee!
It actually controls
surprisingly well!
And I can still use my laser
to take down monsters!
This is the greatest!
Oh. That's right, I was just
looking at the map
and it said Mii was here.
Did I run past her?
I swear, there's never
a dull moment.
[ADMIN B] Hey, anyone remember
putting in an area boss here?
[ADMIN C]
Nah, don't think so.
[ADMIN B]
Well, take a look at this.
[ADMIN A] What in the world
is she doing now?
[SECRETARY] It was a wise
move not giving that creature
a stomach.
We could have been looking
at another internal explosion.
[ADMIN B] We should just stop
making monsters with insides,
period.
[ADMIN C]
Aw man, if only we'd thought
to give its teeth
a piercing effect!
[SECRETARY]
If you'll pardon me a moment.
[ADMIN A]
What, is there something else?
[SECRETARY] We're receiving
a deluge of complaints.
"So poorly balanced."
"Are you going to
make this right?"
"It's not fair!"
And so on.
[ADMIN A groans]
[F ADMIN A] Do they really think
we meant for things
to turn out this way?
[ADMIN B]
It's not our fault!
How many times am
I gonna have to say it?
[ADMIN C]
It's just so brutal.
[ADMIN A] Ugh!
Where did I put my antacids?
[KAEDE]
Yes! We all got high rankings!
Congrats, everyone!
You wanted to do more
exploring, right, Maple?
Well, maybe the main event
will use the same field.
If so, we should
search it thoroughly.
There may be medals to be had.
I do enjoy combat, but exploring
lets you see so
many beautiful places.
I really love that!
I'm glad we all did well.
That's something to celebrate.
I must say, Tsukimi did
a really great job!
Yukimi, too!
All right!
Let's do our best
in the main event
and get tons of medals,
and get even stronger!
We are still a
relatively small guild,
so each of our members
needs to pull their weight.
Yeah!
I wonder if the main
event will start soon.
Hope so!